docs: create .github/SECURITY.md policy (#5712)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: .github/SECURITY.md

# Security Policiy

The TypeScript ESLint team and community take all security vulnerabilities seriously.
If you have a vulnerability or other security issues to disclose:

* Thank you very much, please do!

> * Please send them to us by emailing `me@joshuakgoldberg.com`

Author: > `me@joshuakgoldberg.com`

Placeholder value for now, though it can work in a pinch. We should have an actual `@typescript-eslint.io` set up instead. I've started a thread internally.

> - Please send them to us by emailing `me@joshuakgoldberg.com`

Reviewer: @JamesHenry is looking into if we can create a generic `@typescript-eslint.io` email address for the project rather than using a personal one.

Author: Pending the forwarding email:

```suggestion
- Please send them to us by emailing `typescripteslint@gmail.com`
```
